domutils/lib/helpers.js_function_12_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/helpers.js_function_21_1 has been removed
domutils/lib/helpers.js_function_50_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/helpers.js_function_63_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_2_74 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_4_6 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_7_80 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_9_5 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_12_50 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_15_56 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_24_20 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_31_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_34_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_43_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_46_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_50_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_63_36 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_75_36 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_89_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_101_67 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_104_67 has been removed
css-select/lib/index.js_function_107_67 has been removed
entities/lib/escape.js_function_16_6 has been removed
entities/lib/escape.js_function_20_8 has been removed
entities/lib/escape.js_function_30_0 has been removed
entities/lib/escape.js_function_44_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_12_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_23_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_38_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_50_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_62_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_73_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_84_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/traversal.js_function_95_0 has been removed
entities/lib/decode_codepoint.js_function_38_61 has been removed
entities/lib/decode_codepoint.js_function_41_0 has been removed
entities/lib/decode_codepoint.js_function_45_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_2_56 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_15_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_72_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_79_12 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_82_12 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_85_13 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_88_12 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_91_11 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_94_9 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_97_9 has been removed
css-select/lib/attributes.js_function_100_9 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_2_56 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_14_76 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_17_73 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_21_1 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_25_1 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_28_0 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_31_0 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_43_0 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_53_0 has been removed
entities/lib/decode.js_function_63_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_2_42 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_5_74 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_7_6 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_10_80 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_12_5 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_15_50 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_42_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_48_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_83_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_88_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_103_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_106_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_109_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_112_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/index.js_function_115_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_13_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_23_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_32_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_52_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_62_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_73_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_85_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/feeds.js_function_94_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/querying.js_function_15_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/querying.js_function_29_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/querying.js_function_42_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/querying.js_function_55_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/querying.js_function_65_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/querying.js_function_79_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_7_14 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_10_14 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_13_18 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_23_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_32_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_40_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_49_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_61_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_72_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_84_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/legacy.js_function_96_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_2_74 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_4_6 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_7_50 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_21_65 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_24_67 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_27_66 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_30_69 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_33_70 has been removed
domutils/lib/index.js_function_36_71 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/types.js_function_5_1 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/types.js_function_22_1 has been removed
entities/lib/generated/encode-html.js_function_4_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/manipulation.js_function_10_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/manipulation.js_function_21_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/manipulation.js_function_32_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/manipulation.js_function_43_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/manipulation.js_function_54_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/manipulation.js_function_65_0 has been removed
entities/lib/generated/decode-data-xml.js_function_8_9 has been removed
boolbase/index.js_function_2_14 has been removed
boolbase/index.js_function_5_15 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_2_45 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_5_42 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_15_26 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_22_30 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_29_26 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_36_29 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_43_43 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_50_38 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_54_27 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_61_30 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_68_29 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_76_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_84_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_92_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_100_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_108_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_116_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_124_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_134_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/node.js_function_138_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_2_52 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_5_56 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_14_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_18_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_22_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_25_9 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_40_9 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/subselects.js_function_43_9 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/index.js_function_2_74 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/index.js_function_4_6 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/index.js_function_7_50 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/index.js_function_14_71 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/index.js_function_17_65 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/index.js_function_21_69 has been removed
nth-check/lib/compile.js_function_2_56 has been removed
nth-check/lib/compile.js_function_28_0 has been removed
nth-check/lib/compile.js_function_64_0 has been removed
entities/lib/generated/decode-data-html.js_function_8_9 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_2_56 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_9_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_13_14 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_16_15 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_20_17 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_23_22 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_26_19 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_29_24 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_33_10 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_36_11 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/filters.js_function_49_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/sort.js_function_11_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/sort.js_function_30_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/sort.js_function_34_0 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_9_1 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_14_1 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_18_1 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_27_0 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_38_0 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_48_0 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_53_69 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_56_66 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_59_70 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_62_75 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_65_70 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_69_70 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_72_78 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_76_71 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_79_71 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_83_69 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_86_70 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_89_76 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_93_71 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_96_71 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_99_77 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_102_77 has been removed
entities/lib/index.js_function_105_75 has been removed
domelementtype/lib/index.js_function_6_1 has been removed
domelementtype/lib/index.js_function_14_0 has been removed
nth-check/lib/index.js_function_5_65 has been removed
nth-check/lib/index.js_function_9_67 has been removed
nth-check/lib/index.js_function_12_68 has been removed
nth-check/lib/index.js_function_38_0 has been removed
nth-check/lib/index.js_function_72_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_2_52 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_10_63 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_13_60 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_29_14 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_37_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_41_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_44_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_47_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_50_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/stringify.js_function_53_0 has been removed
@trysound/sax/lib/sax.js_function_1_2 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_2_74 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_4_6 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_7_80 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_9_5 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_12_50 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_15_56 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_32_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_36_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_40_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_56_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_59_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_63_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/compile.js_function_66_0 has been removed
domhandler/lib/index.js_function_2_74 has been removed
domhandler/lib/index.js_function_4_6 has been removed
domhandler/lib/index.js_function_7_50 has been removed
domhandler/lib/index.js_function_21_32 has been removed
entities/lib/encode.js_function_2_56 has been removed
entities/lib/encode.js_function_21_0 has been removed
entities/lib/encode.js_function_33_0 has been removed
entities/lib/encode.js_function_37_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/general.js_function_7_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/general.js_function_13_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/index.js_function_6_67 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/index.js_function_10_67 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/index.js_function_14_67 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/index.js_function_18_0 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_6_11 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_9_19 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_12_18 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_15_21 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_18_20 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_21_20 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_24_18 has been removed
css-select/lib/pseudo-selectors/pseudos.js_function_28_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/parse.js_function_32_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/parse.js_function_38_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/parse.js_function_41_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/parse.js_function_44_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/parse.js_function_47_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/parse.js_function_59_0 has been removed
css-what/lib/commonjs/parse.js_function_63_0 has been removed
nth-check/lib/parse.js_function_16_0 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/foreignNames.js_function_42_6 has been removed
dom-serializer/lib/foreignNames.js_function_105_6 has been removed
domutils/lib/stringify.js_function_2_56 has been removed
domutils/lib/stringify.js_function_17_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/stringify.js_function_28_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/stringify.js_function_40_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/stringify.js_function_52_0 has been removed
domutils/lib/stringify.js_function_64_0 has been removed
